Individuals who take health insurance for ICC Lombard earn a
commission ranging from 15% to 40%. This is the first and
biggest benefit. The second benefit is the first
year's income. Renewal income
comes at 15% for life, which is why people buy long-term
health insurance the most.
[Music]
[Praise]
Today we are going to talk about
how to become a health insurance agent at ICC Lord and
how to understand such a big name, such a big job, and such amazing work. Friends,
how big a company ICC Lombard is in itself,
how big a job it is, and
how to get an agency with this Lombard,
what kind of work can be done in it.
I am going to tell you about all this working here. I
request all of you to please fasten your seat belt.
My name is Yogendra Verma. I am
ICC Lord Recruitment Manager. My
job is to recruit people, groom them,
train them, and evolve them into the system.
Here you can do all the work comfortably on a part-time basis, on a
full-time basis, and on a job-along basis.
Friends, before moving forward, please subscribe to my channel.  If you want to
share, comment, and
click the bell icon,
you must receive all the latest updates. So, let's
quickly see friends,
ICC Lord is one of the best finance
companies. Being a general insurance company, it
provides three types of work, in which
you can do health insurance,
motor insurance, and
non-motor insurance. Friends,
one of the best means one of the best finance
companies. Here you
can learn, understand, and work in a great way.
Friends, nowadays there is a need for health insurance in every household,
and health
insurance is one of the booming industries.
Here, people will approach you
for health insurance and request
that they insure their family.
You will
not hesitate in getting health insurance
because you have a great brand associated with you.
ICC Lord is such a
big and excellent brand in itself. It offers cashless
treatment, network coverage in most hospitals,
and at a very good and excellent
premium, you can guide and explain to people, and
provide cashless treatment, due to which
most people are with ICC Lord.  You can
join and get motor insurance and
non-motor insurance here.
You will also get all those facilities here. For those who are
employed, in business, or in
some profession
and want to get an agency of ICC Lord,
I will also tell you its process.
Before that, let me tell you its benefits
so that you understand
why you should become an agent of ICICI Lord. So
friends, first of all,
you should join a brand which is a clean brand, a
very big and excellent company, claim
settlement hassle free, which is
ICC Lombard in itself. If you want, you
can visit its website and go through it properly. It has a
great presence all over India. Many
people recognize ICIC Lombard very well,
know it
and believe it is an amazing brand. So, by joining a good
branded company, your
brand also starts moving along.
People also recognize you that you are
representing ICIC Lord.
ICICI Lord is very famous in the health insurance segment.  It's a
fantastic and amazing company. It has
excellent claim settlement in motor insurance. It has a
very strong hold
in the market. People recognize it.
Number three, the company also offers options in the non-motor segment.
Whenever someone takes the IC
Lombard exam and gets a code,
they get all three jobs under one code.
They can do motor, health,
and non-motor jobs.
We are from the health insurance department,
so it's mandatory to have
health insurance in all the recruitments we do. You
can't do motor insurance without health insurance. Keep this in mind
later. I'll talk
about the benefits in this. ICC
Lombard's health insurance employees earn a
commission ranging from 15% to 40%. This is the first biggest benefit. The
second benefit is the first year's income. The
renewal income is 15% for life,
which is why people take long-term health
insurance the most. The third
biggest benefit is domestic and international
trips on a quarterly or monthly basis,
which you can work on.  If you do this,
you will get this commission in addition to this. Not only this, there are clubs for the whole year.
If you work for a club and
work for Rs. 10 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh, 50 lakh per year, then you
get an additional international trip for alone or for
family. You can manage this in a great way. All
these trips are
available from the company in the fully paid version and you can talk about it. If you do motor
insurance, you will get a payout of Rs. 2 to 19
and if you do non-motor insurance, you will get a
payout of Rs. 15 to 30. This
entire portfolio is available under a single code
for which giving the exam is
mandatory. Friends, the
exam for IRDA code is mandatory. The exam fee is ₹1
and the exam process takes 8 to 10 days.
We will guide you in all that knowledge training. It is a fully digital
platform. There is no need to visit any branch.
All over India
basis. You can join us from anywhere,
just
whatsapp2, how to become one. We all know-how
training, everything.  We will guide you and
enroll you quickly in this process.
Hardly, the process will take eight to ten days from today, in
which you can easily join us.
So friends, there is an open invitation for you to join this business and
earn Rs 25,000 to Rs 5 lakh per month. Join it,
work and bring a new transformation in your life.
Hello, your
friend Yogendra
[Sangeet]
Rama
and